Create pull_request_description.md (#28)
charlie87-hash/lpthw: .github/PULL_REQUEST_DESCRIPTION/pull_request_description.md

> # Description
> Please include a summary of the exercise
> 

Reviewer: So glad you decided to do this!

I recommend at least changing the following:

```suggestion
# Requirements

<!--Please include the exercise requirements and expectations-->

# Summary

<!--Please include a summary of the approach taken and any other "need to know" information-->

```
